(1) Initial Story:
The year is 2092. You are employed by Alterra, an inter-galatic space agency based on the planet Earth that is responsible for colonizing space. Your specific position isn't an important one, you're pretty low on the totem pole. You've been (part of a crew on a derelict) spaceship for a while. Your specific crew is responsible for exploring new areas of space not yet colonized or discovered by Alterra. This means that you regularly encounter alien species and situations the average Earth-dweller (aren't) used to.
Getting a good night's sleep on a spaceship is difficult, considering the 24 hour Earth day doesn't exist naturally outside of the planet, so you take any and every opportunity to get as much sleep as you can. However, this particular night, something arouses you out of your slumber before you are able to get your full 8 hours. Your emergency pager is going off. Since you are technically not on the clock right now, you are allowed to ignore it. Do you...
(2) Answer the pager? (3) Go back to sleep?

(2) Answer the pager:
Getting out of your bed, you decide to answer your pager out of pure curiosity. You hit the button to connect and hear the pre-recorded distress signal.
"THIS IS AN EMERGENCY. PLEASE LISTEN CAREFULLY. A SECURITY CONTAINMENT BREACH HAS OCCURED WITHIN THE MORGUE. AN INTER-GALACTIC BIOLOGICAL EVENT IS IMINENT. PLEASE REPORT TO YOUR TEAM LEADER IMMEDIATELY."
You're incredibly happy that you decided to get out of bed when you did. An inter-galactic biological event? That doesn't sound very pleasant. You put on your shoes, take your crew ID with you, and grab your bag with all your valueables. You head out the door to meet at the emergency (rendezvous) point.
Once you arrive, you don't see the rest of your team there waiting like you usually do during safety drills. You decide to wait a few more minutes, but no one arrives. Then, you hear another announcement being played over the ship's intercom. "ATTENTION CREW MEMBERS: AN EMERGENCY HAS BEEN DECLARED. A SECURITY CONTAINMENT BREACH HAS OCCURED WITHIN THE MORGUE. DO NOT REPORT TO YOUR EMERGENCY STATIONS. PLEASE STAY QUARANTINED IN YOUR ROOMS AND WAIT FOR FURTHER INSTRUCTIONS. DO NOT OPEN YOUR DOORS FOR ANYONE BESIDES YOUR TEAM LEADERS. QUARANTINE ALONE AND NOT WITH OTHERS." The message repeated once more before stopping.
You start hearing people begin to peek out of their doors, confused and curious about the recent announcement. At your emergency station, there is a cabinet with a gun for defensive purposes. Whatever is happening, you realize it's pretty serious, and just quarantining in your room might not be enough. You could grab the gun and explore the area of the ship to see what's going on, or you could play it safe and go back to your room to quarantine. Do you...
(4) Go quarantine? (5) Grab a gun?

(3) Go back to sleep:
You're not even on the clock right now, so you're definitely within your rights to go back to sleep. Drifting off into sleepy bliss, you are suddenly awoken a few minutes later by a knock at your door. You reluctantly get out of bed to answer it, considering grunt crew members like you weren't bothered for anything if it wasn't serious.
You look through the peep hole on your door. You're met with an eye staring right back at you. "Hello?" the person says. "Please open the door. Everyone is in danger!"
Something isn't adding up. Unless this threat is actually credible, your room will be more than safe from any random attack or threat. You could go back to sleep, and accept your fate, or open the door to see what's up.
(6) See what's up (7) Accept your fate

(4) Go quarantine:
Whatever is happening must be pretty serious, so you decide to play it safe and go back to your room to quarantine. Whatever is going around must be contagious if they want all crew members to be separated from each other. Your mind begins to wonder, and you remember your training you had to do before leaving Earth for the first time. In emergencies, the people to survive the longest were the ones that were prepared beforehand for their (own) survival. Each crew member had a cabinet of emergency items set aside for something just like this, and depending on each situation, crew members were supposed to prepare differently with these items. If the emergency required an evacuation, crew members were instructed to pack necessary items like food and survival gear, maybe even eat a snack for energy. If the emergency required a true quarantine, crew members were instructed to rest and conserve energy/supplies. Overall, it looks like your two choices are between prepping for an escape pod by eating and gathering supplies (or) going back to bed to conserve energy. Do you...
(8) Prep for evacuation (9) Conserve your energy

(5) Grab a gun:
You decide to grab the gun and explore this area of the ship. You load in the ammo and take an extra pack with you, because you'll probably need it. Once you load (your gun with ammo), you begin to sneak (back to the ship). ((dont need this sentence--->)(You grab your bag from your room with all the essentials, including a few snacks.)
Throughout this part of the ship, you see nothing out of the ordinary, (at first). (Then you hear screams echoing through the long, metal hallways.) (The) screams were human, but whatever was causing them clearly wasn't. Holding the gun out in front of you, you (continue) through the hallway. Suddenly, people begin to rush down the (narrow coridor), screaming to get out of (there).
One person rushes past you and sees your gun. "They could use you near the sky bridge, (he says never stoping)". "There's a hoard of zombies quickly overtaking the ship, and we're killing them before they can turn anyone else!" he shouts at you (far away now).
"Please, help!" a woman says, rushing up to you. "We're building a barricade as a base. There's no way we can fight them all off. But we need weapons!"
Both people stare at you longingly, knowing that you can only make one choice. Do you...
(10) Fight 'em off (11) Help build the base

(6) See what's up:
Making a choice that would surely affect your survivability for the better, you decide to open the door and see what's up. Standing in the doorway is a crewmate, looking sweaty and disrupted from something.
"What's going on?" you ask hesitantly.
"Zombies," he says, breathing heavily, "and they're coming quick. Alterra doesn't have a protocol for something like this. We have to escape!"
"Zombies?" you ask, very confused.
"There's no time, please come with me!"
You follow the crewmate down the hall to an escape pod. "Wait here while I grab one more person," he says. You nod and turn your back to the wall so you can see what's going on. As you watch him run down (a) hallway, you  begin to hear what sounds like a slight grunting or moaning. You realize that there are zombies (running) down the hallway. Your only option is to jump into the escape pod and hope that your friend returns soon.
Suddenly, (a) zombie lays its eyes on you and realizes that you're an easy meal. You jump into the escape pod and close the door to shield yourself from the zombies. Then, from the other hallway, you see the crewmate making his way back to the escape pod, helping a pregnant woman, who was most likely a colonist. Since you are already in the escape pod, you can be selfish jettison the pod, leaving the crewmate and the (woman), or you can wait for them to get to the pod and hope that they don't die along the way. Do you...
(12) Jettison the pod (13) Take them with you

(7) Accept your fate:
Really? I mean... that person was basically your only chance to get saved before zombines take over the whole ship. Oh yeah, did we mention that's what this story was about? Yeah you're in the middle of a zombie apocalypse. So you can guess just about how well that ended for you (while you sleep!). Ending 1/10

(8) Prep for evacuation:
It's better to prep and be ready for something rather than be caught by surprise, right? You gather up all your emergency supplies and extra snacks and wait for someone to give you further instructions. Since you were woken up in the middle of the night, you get hungry and decide to eat one of the snacks. You continue waiting for someone to come, but they never do. You (stay up all night waiting) for news in the morning, (but it never comes). You decide to eat another snack bar for breakfast.
The hours turn into days of waiting. You wish you hadn't eaten (all) your (rations) so soon, but you were hungry, and there was no way of knowing if help was coming sooner rather than later. The power to your room eventually shuts off, telling you that the workers who are responsible for keeping the power are probably dead. You know your time is coming soon. One day, a (someone that looks like a crewmate comes and pries open your door)
your (to weak to fight), your death comes slowly and painfully. Ending 2/10

(9) Conserve your energy:
There's no reason to waste energy by packing or moving around, so you decide to rest and wait for the next instructions. Nothing happens for a while, and you are about to fall back asleep when you suddenly recieve a knock at the door. Looking through the peephole, you realize it is another crew member. She looks very (disheveled}, like she had just been through something strenuous. "Please come with me," she says, "there's a viral outbreak turning people into zombies... it's nothing like what we've seen before! You won't survive this alone in your room!" Do you...
(14) Open the door (15) Don't open the door

(10) Fight 'em off:
You decide to go with the man to fight off the zombies. You know that you will have a bigger chance of survival if you try to quell the outbreak as soon as possible. You begin shooting and killing off dozens of zombies. But slowly, (you realize that theres more zombies than you have bullets. You fight a good fight, but its to late your gun runs out of ammo and the zombies overwelm you). Ending 3/10

(11) Help build the base:
You decide that going with the lady is probably the safest option, considering that you could die pretty easily fighting the zombies head-on. She brings you around the barracks of the ship to the captain's quarters. Turns out there was a (room nearby for the captain and his most important crewmembers for emergency). Once you get there, a meeting is (being) held with everyone to go over the details of the emergency. The captain tells you and the rest of the crew to follow his directions, and if were all obedient, then maybe most of us would make it out of this situation alive.
After a few days of surviving in this small space with everyone, you're starting to get tired of them. (Theres a person with a weird voice, and you don't like it when another guy chews weirdly). You're hoping for something... anything, (as) an excuse to leave.
One day, a man with dark hair and a light-colored mustache shows up at your door, asking for you specifically by name. No one has seen anyone besides zombies at the door for days, and according to the captain, no one has left the ship since the outbreak began, but something about this man seems familiar, yet peculiar... you are at least entertained by what he has to say.
"If you want any chance of survival, you'll come with me," he tells you.
"How do you even know me?" you ask.
"Oh trust me, (we go way back!)" he says, winking. "(Come with me and you'll survive, This is your last chance,"He whisper so only you can hear".
You look back at the captain and the rest of the crew. They all give you disapproving looks. Do you...
(16) Stay with the crew (17) Escape with mustache guy

(12) Jettison the pod:
It might have been selfish, but you decide that your best course of action is to save yourself before the zombie can make it to your pod. However, you didn't know that not only did your crewmate have coordinates to another ship that could have saved you, he also had emergency rations in case something happened and you were left to drift in space. Your selfishness ends up betraying you, and you are left to drift for all eternity. Ending 4/10

(13) Take them with you:
You decide to let your crewmate try and get back to the escape pod in time. You see him try his best to sneak past the zombies, but no amount of distraction or speed is going to save them from the zombies. You realize that you could probably exit the pod to save them at this point, although you would only be able to save one of them with the amount of time you have. Your other option is to jettison the pod and escape with your safety. Do you...
(18) Launch the pod (19) Stop to save them

(14) Open the door:
Against your best judgement, you decide to open the door for the lady. At first, she seems nice, and begins telling you about how a zombie apocalypse started in space(add the back story here would be nice). But then, just five minutes later, she (begins to snarl) and groan oddly, and before you know it, she has a craving for human flesh. She bites you, and you live out the rest of your days as a space zombie. Ending 5/10

(15) Don't open the door:
You're not opening your door for anyone. You don't even recognize this lady. Because of this, however, you end up eventually dying of starvation, because you never open the door for anyone ever again... not even those zombies that eventually come (pry you door open and go) for your brains. Ending 6/10

(16) Stay with the crew:
"No thank you," you tell the funny guy with the mustache. "I'm going to stay with my crew."
Even though you decided to be loyal to your friends and coworkers, it turns out that the silly little man was your only chance of survival. You along with your crew eventually succumb to starvation after you run out of food. Ending 7/10

(17) Escape with mustache guy:
"I'll come with you," you tell the mustached man. Your crew (protest) behind you, and almost doesn't let you leave. However, the captain motions for the guard at the door to let you aside. Surprisingly enough, this mustached man had his own ship, and you and this man use it to escape the zombified space ship. The man takes you to the Universal Stability Agency, a space agency that makes sure the universe doesn't go into complete chaos. After the agency detoxifies you and decides you are fit to go home, you are sent back to Earth where you live the rest of your days far away from the threat of being eaten by a zombie. Ending 10/10

This is the same ending as Jettison the pod(12) 
(18) Launch the pod:
There's no way that they could have made it to the pod in time anyway to escape, so you selfishly take their place and decide to jettison the pod without them afterall. In the end, it doesn't matter, because you end up dying in your escape pod, after floating for what felt like eons in the vastness of space. Ending 8/10

( maybe have this one be another happy ending you only have one ending were they escape back to earth)
(19) Stop to save them:
You stop to wait for them, because you're not heartless. However, even with them running to make it to the pod in time, you opening the door gave the zombies around you the perfect opportunity for all of you to get cornered in the pod. You three make a wonderful meal for these celestial monsters. Ending 9/10